updates to clarify paper expectations (#570)
openjournals/joss: docs/submitting.md

Submitting a paper to JOSS
==========================

> If you've already developed a fully featured research code, released it under an OSI-approved license, and written good documentation and tests, then we expect that it should take perhaps an hour or two to prepare and submit your paper to JOSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already developed a fully featured research code, released it under an [OSI-approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses), and written good documentation and tests, then we expect that it should take perhaps an hour or two to prepare and submit your paper to JOSS.
```

> If you've already developed a fully featured research code, released it under an OSI-approved license, and written good documentation and tests, then we expect that it should take perhaps an hour or two to prepare and submit your paper to JOSS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've already developed a fully featured research code, released it under an OSI-approved license, and written good documentation and test procedures, then we expect that it should take perhaps an hour or two to prepare and submit your paper to JOSS.
```

But please read these instructions carefully for a streamlined submission.

## Typical paper submission flow

Before you submit, you should:

> 

Reviewer 2: why not link the URL to "example"?

Author: I missed that one

Author: That's deleted text. Edited version does link on "example paper."

- Make your software available in an open repository (GitHub, Bitbucket, etc.) and include an [OSI approved open source license](https://opensource.org/licenses).

> - Make sure that the software complies with the [JOSS review criteria](review_criteria.html). In particular, your software should be full-featured, well-documented, and contain tests for checking correctness.

Reviewer 2: I'm a little uncomfortable with saying that the *software* should contain tests. Currently, the repo needs to have tests but they can be via the documentation, not entirely within the software.

Author: We do say elsewhere that the software needs to have tests, which can be manual tests. No?

Reviewer 2: there's a difference between the repo having tests for the software and the software containing tests.  We don't ask for the latter now, but I think this text implies that we will.

Author: I would leave this here

Reviewer 2: Fortunately, we have more people who can comment as well and break our tie.

Reviewer: What about something like _and contain procedures (such as automated tests) for checking correctness._

Reviewer 3: I agree with @arfon's suggested language

> - Write a short paper in Markdown format using `paper.md` as file name, including a title, summary, author names, affiliations, and key references. See our [example paper](https://github.com/arfon/fidgit/tree/master/paper) to follow the correct format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Write a short paper in Markdown format using `paper.md` as file name, including a title, summary, author names, affiliations, and key references. See our [example paper](#example-paper-and-bibliography) to follow the correct format.
```

Reviewer: This updates the example paper link to point to https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#example-paper-and-bibliography which is a more fully-featured example paper.

## No submission fees

There are no fees for submitting or publishing in JOSS. You can read more about our [cost and sustainability model](http://joss.theoj.org/about#costs).

## Authorship

Purely financial (such as being named on an award) and organizational (such as general supervision of a research group) contributions are not considered sufficient for co-authorship of JOSS submissions, but active project direction and other forms of non-code contributions are. The authors themselves assume responsibility for deciding who should be credited with co-authorship, and co-authors must always agree to be listed. In addition, co-authors agree to be accountable for all aspects of the work, and to notify JOSS if any retraction or correction of mistakes are needed after publication.

## Submissions using proprietary languages/dev environments

> We strongly prefer software that doesn't rely upon proprietary (paid for) development environments/programming languages. However, provided _your software_ meets our submission requirements (including having a valid open source license) then we will consider your submission for review. Should your submission be accepted for review, we may ask you, the submitting author, to help us find reviewers who already have the required development environment installed.

Reviewer 2: I think submission is more appropriate here - it's not just the software we review.

Author: Note that it says "meets our submission requirements" not what we review. 
We have "submission" many times in the sentence. SIGH.

Reviewer 2: so maybe "_your submission_ meets our requirements"?

Author: done

## The review process

After submission:

- An Associate Editor-in-Chief will carry out an initial check of your submission, and proceed to assign a handling editor.
- The handling editor will assign two or more JOSS reviewers, and the review will be carried out in the [JOSS reviews repository](https://github.com/openjournals/joss-reviews).

> - Authors will respond to reviewer-raised issues (if any are raised) on the submission repository's issue tracker. Reviewer contributions, like any other contributions, should be acknowledged in the repository.

Reviewer 2: Should we say "reviewer and editor contributions, ..."?

Author: That's old text that I did not touch. Unclear why it appears green in the diff.

Reviewer 2: I think just because it moved.  But my question still stands; if we are making changes, should we change this too?

Author: I would leave as is. Item is about reviewer actions.

Reviewer 2: I think the section is about what the author should expect after submission, but I see what you mean in this specific item. I don't have a good suggestion - maybe someone else will.

Reviewer 4: I kind of agree with making it "reviewer and editor contributions..." (perhaps even more so for the "reviewer-raised issues") since this document is for the submitter, for whom it doesn't really matter if it's the editor or reviewer that comments, and in rare cases the editor could also be a reviewer.

> - Upon successful completion of the review, authors will make a tagged release of th software, and deposit a copy of the repository with a data-archiving service such as [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/) or [figshare](https://figshare.com/), get a DOI for the archive, and update the review issue thread with the version number and DOI.

Reviewer 2: th <- the

Author: fixed
